getopt: Support --help argument (#4913)
iovisor/bpftrace: docs/stdlib.md

Additionally, boolean args accept the following false values: `0`, `false` e.g. `--hello=false`.
If the arg is not set on the command line, the default value is used.

> You can use `--help` to see all supported parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use `--help` to see all named arguments/options.
```
